# GSoC 2022 Ideas

## Project Ideas
* [Dynamic-CLI](#dynamic-cli)
* [Design Gallery](#design-gallery)


------------

## Dynamic CLI 

**Prerequisites**<br>
 - Experience with Python
 - Strong experience with maintaining Python Packages

**Description**<br>

Dynamic CLI is growing day by day having 1k+ downloads as of now. But still there are lots of improvements, bugs, features and release which are pending. This package will involves lots of complex features which we are target for this GSoC.
To understand how this package works, try contributing to it. See the [issues](https://github.com/IndianOpenSourceFoundation/dynamic-cli/issues), [contributing guide](https://github.com/IndianOpenSourceFoundation/dynamic-cli/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [code of conduct.](https://github.com/IndianOpenSourceFoundation/dynamic-cli/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)


**Suggested Issues to work on:**<br>
 - Autocomplete in the terminal : [#126 Autocomplete for Dynamic-CLI](https://github.com/IndianOpenSourceFoundation/dynamic-cli/issues/126)
 - Keybinding in the CLI : [#117 Adding Keybindng to the Dynamic-CLI](https://github.com/IndianOpenSourceFoundation/dynamic-cli/issues/117)

Suggesting or adding features, fixing bugs, or improving our exiting package
will help you to gain experience

**Project Length**<br>

**12** weeks

**Coding Mentors**<br>
Gourav Sardana

**Assisting Mentors**<br>
Pranav, Sakshat

------------


## Design Gallery

**Prerequisites**<br>
 - Strong experience with Frontend Framework.
 - Experience with UI/UX is a plus point.

**Description**<br>

Design Gallery gonna be like Social Media for Designers where designers can get inspiration from other designers. It can help people to connect to other designer to showcase their work like creative case studies, mockups and give feedbacks. We aregoiing to make it from scratch. We already have the designs ready.

**Proposed features**<br>
 - Gallery to showcase design art/work.
 - Writing case studies with predefined/custom templates like google doc.
 - Sharing case studies with peers.

**Project Length**<br>

**12** weeks

**Coding Mentors**<br>
Sakshat Lidhoo

**Backup Mentors**<br>
Gourav

------------

<br>

*Ideas Template Credit* : Sugarlabs
